Data Sheet:

1. She asked me to make her a website
2. She is a Real Estate Agent
3. chat transcript in transcript.txt
4. She said I should just refer to her post on what I will put in the website

my initial plan:

1. Vite+react+tailwind, scaffold first(research the doc of tailwind v4 as tailwind v4 has a different way of doing things and doesnt do tailwind config no more)
2. build the sections that we have contexts on first and then we ask her questions later because I dont know what logo or company name or is it company that I should represent on the website or her, the agent(portfolio style).
3. I made a folder named asset/ and I will put the assets there, each post will have its own folder where I will put each photos there and then a txt file where I will put the caption of the fb post, the fb post caption has an ugly ass formatting so do proper formatting in markdown, thus the listing caption should render markdown format.
4. Have a data/ folder, we will not have a CMS for now, we will just do this workflow. Deploy on vercel-> when editing edit the contents using the data js files in the data folder which is for each sections.
5. I dunno what sections or features is even in a real estate agent website even have, based on my research rn they seem to put the listings as the default page, but anyway you should go and see 3 the top rated real estate agents with website and see how they structure or design their website then we will apply it to aunt's web design, we should tweak a bit to avoid copyright issue tho
6. we will plan first before executing, make sure to use your interactive interview feature to ask me if there's things you need to ask.
7. ask me anything you need to be able to have an AEO advantage on this website so that aunt will have more traffic
8. It'd be awesome if you can conduct a design system interview to me before executing so that I can choose if I want specific design pattern provide me artifact I can use so we can decide the artifact, it should write to the data/design_system.json then delete the artifact and the json file once youve read it
9. also list me discovery questions about automation I wanna offer her automation but ofc I have to know what's her pain points.
10. Research and adapt existing skill for claude frontend design.
11. make markdown files to keep track and not get lost , keep todos, spec, documentation, design system, stack and other definitions

Specs:
mobile responsive
No fabrication(ask me for clarifications if youre not sure about something, dont put hallucinated content in the website)
modern design
well planned
well researched
components in components/ folder
Single page app for quick response time
caching so that datas loads faster

preference:
I would like a listing UI where the listing card only shows thumbnail and then general infos and then when card is clicked it goes to the listing page and shows the details and the images, since the images doesnt have a uniform image size just make a canvas thingie that shows carousel of the images